## What is this?

[nkd.su](http://nkd.su) is a request-gathering and voting service for [The
Cat](http://thisisthecat.com)'s [Neko
Desu](http://www.thisisthecat.com/index.php/neko-desu) radio show. Songs are
sorted according to popularity on the front page.

### How do I vote?

If there are any songs on the front page you would like to vote for, click on
the song title or the +1 and send the generated tweet. If nothing on the front
page strikes your fancy (or if there's nothing there yet), feel free to use the
search box to find something more your style. Once you've found something,
click the title or the +1. If you can't find what you're looking for, bug
[Peter](http://twitter.com/theshillito) to add it to the Neko Desu library and
bug [me](http://twitter.com/mftb) to update my database.

You can personalise your vote all you like, as long as you leave the
[@nkdsu](http://twitter.com/nkdsu) mention and the number in tact. The message
you leave will appear when you hover over your avatar.

None of your Twitter followers will see your vote in their timelines unless
they're also following [@nkdsu](http://twitter.com/nkdsu).

### When can I vote?

As long as the track you wish to vote for has not been played either last week
or during the show currently airing, your vote will be accepted. 

We will only accept one vote per song per Twitter user per week.

All votes are reset at 11&nbsp;p.m. on Saturday, at the end of the show.

### All this is well and good but I don't have a Twitter account

You should! It's a neat thing! If you're determined not to join, though, you
could just send Peter an [email](mailto:peter.shillito@thisisthecat.com) or a
text or something.

## How does it work?

Short answer: [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com),
[Celery](http://celeryproject.org) and [tweepy](http://tweepy.github.com).

Long answer: [GitHub](https://github.com/colons/nkdsu).
[Suggestions](https://github.com/colons/nkdsu/issues/new) welcome.

## Who's to blame?

[Iain Dawson](http://www.musicfortheblind.co.uk/)
([@mftb](http://twitter.com/mftb)), with design contributions from
[Chris Walden](http://www.chriswalden.co.uk)
([@EuricaeriS](http://twitter.com/EuricaeriS)) and
[Peter Shillito](http://twitter.com/theshillito) himself.
